Various cleanups (#29)
tfpauly/quic-proxy: draft-pauly-masque-quic-proxy.md

only be used for QUIC short header packets.

Forwarding is defined as an optimization to reduce CPU processing on clients and
proxies, as well as avoiding MTU overhead for packets on the wire. This makes it
suitable for deployment situations that otherwise relied on cleartext TCP
proxies, which cannot support QUIC and have inferior security and privacy
properties.

The properties provided by the forwarding mode are as follows:

- All packets sent between the client and the target traverse through the proxy
device.
- The target server cannot know the IP address of the client solely based on the
proxied packets the target receives.
- Observers of either or both of the client <-> proxy link and the proxy <->
target are not able to learn more about the client <-> target communication than
if no proxy was used.

It is not a goal of forwarding mode to prevent correlation between client <->
proxy and the proxy <-> target packets from an entity that can observe both
links. See {{security}} for further discussion.

Both clients and proxies can unilaterally choose to disable forwarded mode for
any client <-> target connection.

> QUIC proxies only need to understand the following fields from packets in client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC proxies only need to understand two fields from packets in client
```

Author: That's not quite right, it also needs to look at long headers in target-proxy packets

> <-> target QUIC connections: the Header Form bit, and the connection ID fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<-> target QUIC connections: the Header Form bit and the Destination Connection ID field in the short header.
```

Author: That's not quite right, it also needs to look at long headers in target-proxy packets

socket for every client request with a unique datagram flow ID. The mapping is
critical for any case where server-facing sockets are shared or reused.

## Detecting Connection ID Conflicts {#conflicts}

In order to be able to route packets correctly in both tunnelled and forwarded
mode, proxies check for conflicts before creating a new mapping. If a conflict
is detected, the proxy will reject the client's request, as described in
{{response}}.

Two sockets conflict if and only if all members of the 4-tuple (local IP
address, local UDP port, remote IP address, and remote UDP port) are identical.

Two Connection IDs conflict if and only if one Connection ID is equal to or a
prefix of another. For example, a zero-length Connection ID conflicts with all
connection IDs. This definition of a conflict originates from the fact that
QUIC short headers do not carry the length of the Destination Connection ID
field, and therefore if two short headers with different Destination Connection
IDs are received on a shared socket, one being a prefix of the other prevents
the receiver from identifying which mapping this corresponds to.

> The proxy treats two mappings as being in conflict when a conflict is detected

Reviewer: Whoops, thanks!

> for all elements on the left side of the mapping diagrams above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for all elements on the left side of the mapping diagrams above.

Since very short Connection IDs are more likely to lead to conflicts, particularly zero-length
Connection IDs, a proxy MAY choose to reject all requests for very short Connection IDs as
conflicts, in anticipation of future conflicts.
```

# Connection ID Headers for CONNECT-UDP

This document defines two headers that can be used in CONNECT-UDP requests
and responses. All other requirements defined for CONNECT-UDP {{CONNECT-UDP}}
still apply.

Both "Client-Connection-Id" and "Server-Connection-Id" are Item Structured
Headers {{!STRUCT=I-D.ietf-httpbis-header-structure}}.  Their value MUST be a
Byte Sequence. The byte sequence MAY be zero-length. The byte sequence length
MUST NOT exceed 255 bytes. The ABNF is:

~~~
   Client-Connection-Id = sf-binary
   Server-Connection-Id = sf-binary
~~~

"Client-Connection-Id" contains the client connection ID, whereas

> "Server-Connection-Id" contains the server connection ID.

Reviewer: Amazing insights! ;)

Author: Yeah gotta love IETF specs :)

DATAGRAM contents are written to the target.)

Since proxies that forward QUIC packets do not perform any cryptographic
integrity check, it is possible that these packets are either malformed,
replays, or otherwise malicious. This may result in proxy targets rate limiting
or decreasing the reputation of a given proxy.

> OPEN ISSUE: Figure out how clients and proxies could interact to learn whether

Reviewer: I had done this as a comment to not render in the spec, since we're tracking it already as an issue on the GitHub. We could also just remove?

Author: Oh, I see. It was only commenting out the first line, I've tweaked it to make it a multi-line comment now
